Don't let your dreams be dreams
Yesterday you said tomorrow, so just do it!
Make your dreams come true!
Just do it!
Some people dream of success while you're gonna wake up and work hard at it!
Nothing is impossible!
If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up
Panic attack? Attack panic first!
Make society conform to you
Can't walk into Mordor? Run into Mordor.
Lent? Give up fear.
Be brave enough to take a math test in pen.
Hit rock bottom? Good. That's a solid foundation.
Fall down seven times? Get up eight.
I didn't say it would be easy. I said it would be worth it.
Don't ask for life to be easier. Ask to be stronger.
Don't talk about it. Be about it.
Face your problems. Don't Facebook your problems.
Don't get results. Take them.
A small problem gets bigger when you ignore it. A big problem gets smaller when you attack it.
If not now, when?
Not a good day? Make it one!
You will gain success if you apply effort correctly. You will gain experience if you apply effort incorrectly. You will gain nothting if you apply no effort.
Right now you could be making progress instead of excuses.
Stop dwelling on the past. Create the future!
What's the best that could happen? Make it happen!
Make tommorrow thank you for today.
Taste and see that the LORD is good; blessed is the one who takes refuge in him. -- Psalm 34:8
A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for a time of adversity -- Proverbs 17:17
And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose. -- Romans 8:28
What, then, shall we say in response to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us? -- Romans 8:31
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit. -- Romans 15:13
For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord. -- Romans 8:38-39
See what great love the Father has lavished on us, that we should be called children of God! And that is what we are! -- 1 John 3:1
Consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance -- James 1:2-3
The LORD is my shepherd, I lack nothing. -- Psalm 23:1 NIV
